
[\cfAdded\c-]
) Ammosphere now is buyable in the health terminal.
) Now you can see what are you holding up! The items you got will be shown in the lower HUD!
) Ammosphere with the powerup upgrade, there is a 50% chance of not being consumed upon use!
) Different messages will be displayed upon enter, death and disconnect events.
) Now the game autosaves your progress each 10 seconds in the game!
) Added an new powerup, Hell-trigger!, Allows you to fire fast, and with infinite ammo for a short time!
) Runes!, Skulltag + some original ones!
) Rune shop and Stimpack upgrades are available in the Health terminal! 
) The Patcher Gun!, now fix and upgrade your turrets by using your credits! It gives you experience upon use!
) New Core pulses, Warcry and Smite, revamped heal pulse and rename the other pusle to Revive.
) New techs to be researched!
) Speaking of upgraded turrets, now each turret and dispenser (except the base turret) can be upgraded up to Level 5.
) But beware! Turrets and Dispensers can attract monsters!
) Champions! (again, thanks Mikk & TDDR!)
) New techs to research! (Veteran Marines, Stimpacks, Grenades...)
) A Timer/Enemy Counter! Just to let you know how much time is left before hitting the end!
) Now Health and Armor Bonuses can be drop in a splashy way upon any kill! Like credits!

[\cfChanged / Fixed\c-]
) Mech Sync upgrade now costs 10 U.P.s, that thing is waaay too powerful to let it go cheap.
) Mech Sync upgrade will only appear in the shotgun frenzy maps.
) Ohoho! Shotgun and Chaingun turrets now can be pursacheable on the ammo terminal!
) Now the turrets will drop the smoke if they're low of its 50% of their health
) Now the turret displays an explosion, with fire and stuff.
) Prometeo protocol's invul effect has been nerfed to 5 seconds.
) The extra effects for prometeo can be displayed on the game.
) Fixed the Rank titles for the old and new hud.
) Fixed a bug on pursaching weapons, after upgrading a weapon, the base weapons can be brought back but with no chances to upgrade it.
) Armor-Repair dispenser's effect has been patched up.
) Mech upgrades now will be shown in the stocking pad.
) Inventory, Player & Kill-Streak huds will clean itself once the player disconnects (or spectates).
) Auto SSG and Big Chambered Buckshot can now drop ricochet pellets.
) Plasma Rifle can cause a small AoD upon each projectile, that and a new Alt-Fire which it makes a big plasma ball that hits 3 times a single enemy with some AoD. 
) Split Plasma Rifle Pri-Fire can now cause splittable plasmas on impact.
) Advanced Plasma Rifle can create a pretty much close altfire like normal Plasma Rifle but instead of multihitting, it explodes and spreads extra advanced plasma balls.
) The Auto Spitter fires faster and takes less ammo.
) Visual tweaks on the base Quadshot.
) Flamers can cause Burn! Set on fire one, and see how the fire spreads through the horde!
) Grenade Flinger's Alt-Fire can now launch a grenade which it explodes early upon contact.
) Expansive Flinger's Alt-Fire is the same as last change, but explodes in a few seconds, spreading the rest of the grenades in the air, just if you want to create a rain of explosive mini grenades.
) Double slug Railgun can now fire 2 rails per shot, and fires faster.
) Spear-Taser Railgun can fire a constant short ranged rail that rips everyone in it's path, and now it's Alt-fire stuns the first enemy on hit.

[\cfRemoved\c-]








